leave me alone
didn't your mother tell you enough to
play with matches the markets gonna
crash max I didn't do anything I don't
play the market have to be careful with
throw trash you gave this faulty
information
oh you dangled the carrot the right
picks but then you only gave us part of
the code now give us the rest of the
code so we can send a reliable bastard
how could you be so stupid
1x you just don't get it
I don't give a about you I only
care about what's in your head
if you won't help us help yourself we
are forced to comply with the laws of
nature survival of the fittest X and we
got the good buddy splitter
damn stay down Potter deals okay we've
been looking for you what's going on dad
the number what's going on and the
number what is it a pass
how are you doing get off it's not all
me it's in my head a check will you
memorize it you give it to them he'll
know who does Wall Street bastards what
do you care
answer me through you yella listen to me
you're dealing with something really big
now max no I don't want to have to hurt
you you just answer me did you give it
to them
they've got part of it now let's go me
daddy they're using do they want you're
catching a little rut let go
you